EDU-13853: Informing users about issues between FastStore API and other VTEX APIs (#1747)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/api-extensions/overview.mdx

</details>

### Fetch only the data you need

GraphQL allows you to customize your query to get precisely the data you need, which reduces the data returned from the requests. Double-check your queries to make sure they are not over-fetching.

This also means that you must be mindful of the data added to your query with [GraphQL fragments](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/#fragments) returned. Use them only when they do not include unnecessary data.

> ### Optimize FastStore API integration with VTEX APIs
> 
> When integrating FastStore with VTEX APIs, always use your store's own domain for API calls. Avoid using the `vtexcommercestable` environment directly, as it is not optimized for storefront customization and can negatively impact performance and scalability. 
> 
> For example, when using the [Get list of products for a query instead](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/intelligent-search-api#get-/product_search/-facets-?endpoint=get-/product_search/-facets-) endpoint, instead of calling `https://mystore.vtexcommercestable.com.br/api/io/_v/api/intelligent-search/product_search/{facets}`, use your store's domain like `https://www.mystore.com/api/io/_v/api/intelligent-search/product_search/{facets}`.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### Optimize FastStore API integration with VTEX APIs

When integrating FastStore with VTEX APIs, always use your store's domain for API calls instead of `vtexcommercestable` environment directly. Direct calls for this environment can impact performance and scalability. 

For example, when using the [Get list of products for a query instead](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/intelligent-search-api#get-/product_search/-facets-?endpoint=get-/product_search/-facets-) endpoint, instead of calling `https://mystore.vtexcommercestable.com.br/api/io/_v/api/intelligent-search/product_search/{facets}`, use your store's domain like `https://www.mystore.com/api/io/_v/api/intelligent-search/product_search/{facets}`.

In the list below, see endpoints requiring the use of your store's domain when integrating FastStore API with other VTEX APIs:

- [Get sellers by region or address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/regions/-regionId-)
- [Get address by postal code](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/postal-code/-countryCode-/-postalCode-)
- [Get sellers by region or address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/regions/-regionId-)
- [Get address by postal code](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/postal-code/-countryCode-/-postalCode-)
- [Get brand list](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#get-/api/catalog_system/pvt/brand/list?endpoint=get-/api/catalog_system/pvt/brand/list)
- [Get category tree](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#get-/api/catalog_system/pub/category/tree/-categoryLevels-?endpoint=get-/api/catalog_system/pub/category/tree/-categoryLevels-)

```

In the list below, see endpoints requiring the use of your store's domain when integrating FastStore API with other VTEX APIs:

- [Get sellers by region or address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/regions/-regionId-)
- [Get address by postal code](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/postal-code/-countryCode-/-postalCode-)
- [Get sellers by region or address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/regions/-regionId-)
- [Get address by postal code](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/postal-code/-countryCode-/-postalCode-)
- [Get brand list](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#get-/api/catalog_system/pvt/brand/list?endpoint=get-/api/catalog_system/pvt/brand/list)
- [Get category tree](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#get-/api/catalog_system/pub/category/tree/-categoryLevels-?endpoint=get-/api/catalog_system/pub/category/tree/-categoryLevels-)

> 

Author: As tarefas para atualizar esses endpoints já foram criadas e informadas aos Tech Writers responsáveis:
- [Intelligent Search](https://vtex-dev.atlassian.net/browse/EDU-14591)
- [Checkout](https://vtex-dev.atlassian.net/browse/EDU-14554)
- [Catálogo](https://vtex-dev.atlassian.net/browse/EDU-14861)

> In the list below, see endpoints requiring the use of your store's domain when integrating FastStore API with other VTEX APIs:
> 
> - [Get sellers by region or address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/regions/-regionId-)
> - [Get address by postal code](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/postal-code/-countryCode-/-postalCode-)
> - [Get sellers by region or address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/regions/-regionId-)
> - [Get address by postal code](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#get-/api/checkout/pub/postal-code/-countryCode-/-postalCode-)
> - [Get brand list](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#get-/api/catalog_system/pvt/brand/list?endpoint=get-/api/catalog_system/pvt/brand/list)
> - [Get category tree](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#get-/api/catalog_system/pub/category/tree/-categoryLevels-?endpoint=get-/api/catalog_system/pub/category/tree/-categoryLevels-)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
